The homework instructions gave specifics about how this repository should be structured. I apologize for not hitting that mark on the nose. I've been struggling to manage Git, Github, and Gitbash. Since I've not been able to make serial commits, I've done it the old-fashioned way and saved serial version to my local hard drive. After managing my gituation, I pushed all of them to Github so that you can see my back-and-forth development. The final versions of the code for PyBank and PyPoll are in the files main.finalanswer.py. 

The instructions give a lot of information about what is required of the analysis. Finding the min/max for the values in the csv proved the hardest for me. I kept getting results that were not for the min/max, but for the last set of data in each column. Reorganizing the variables and the for-loops took many hours of trial and error. Mostly error, mostly of the syntax variety. 

I was really puzzled by the fact that my code <row_count+=1> worked great sometimes and then, when other code got updated, it got a syntax error. (The code updates did not change anything about that snippet or anything that the snippet referred to.) Any insights on why that would be are welcome. 

Working with dictionaries was new, but all of this is staggering to me. I got the code executed, but, honestly, I'm not sure I could recreate it or account for all of the logic. *see above: trial and error* There was a lot of Googling and asking the TA's and desperate text threads to code-savvy friends. Redefining the meaning of variables is like trying to pin down the identity of Keyser Soze: current_profit only means one thing for two lines of code, and then it means previous_profit, or maybe it means row_cout+=1 now.  

Writing this to a csv file was pretty easy, except for line 56 in the PyPoll set. The writing to CSV command will only take one argument and "Total Votes, row_count" is two arguments. I also struggled with geting the () and the $ appropriately placed around the min/max increase and decrease. I was able to make it work in PyPoll with the dict structure of data, but I didn't get it to work in PyBank, where I couldn't call that index out of the dict. Just getting the $ to show up all by itself...was hard. Again, I am wide open to suggestions on how to do this better. #learning I know these details should be fixed, but I'm out of time on this project and I throw myself upon the mercy of the grader. 



